Document environment variables and $PORT (#2253)
benoitc/gunicorn: docs/source/configure.rst

Configuration Overview
======================

> Gunicorn pulls configuration information from five distinct places.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gunicorn reads configuration information from five places.
```

> Gunicorn will first read environment variables for the default value of some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gunicorn first reads environment variables for some
```

configuration :ref:`settings <settings>`.

> The second place that Gunicorn will read configuration from is the framework

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gunicorn will then read configuration from a framework
```

specific configuration file. Currently this only affects Paster applications.

The third source of configuration information is a configuration file that is
optionally specified using command line arguments. Anything specified in the

> Gunicorn config file will override any framework specific settings.

Reviewer: Default is `gunicorn.conf.py`. If it's present, it is used implicitly. Maybe we can make that clear here.

Author: That's a good idea, I added documentation for this.
